README.md, before:

# About Masque Blizzard Bars

You can install this addon from [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/masque-blizz-bars-revived "CurseForge"), [Wago](https://addons.wago.io/addons/masqueblizzbars), or [WoWInterface](https://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info26502-MasqueBlizzardBars.html).

This addon enables [Masque](https://github.com/SFX-WoW/Masque) ([CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/masque), [Wago](https://addons.wago.io/addons/masque), [WoWInterface](https://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info12097-Masque.html)) to skin the built-in WoW action bars.  It requires Masque to function and is configurable only with Masque's settings UI.  It can currently skin the following bars:

* Main Action Bar
* Multi Bars (Action Bars 2 - 8)
* Possess Bar
* Stance Bar
* Pet Bar
* Vehicle Bar
* Extra Ability Buttons (Extra Action Button, Zone Ability Button)
* Spell Flyout

Each bar is its own group so you can configure the skin for each independently.

If you like the Dragonflight action bar improvements and don't want to use a bar mod, this is for you.  If you do use a bar mod like Bartender or ElvUI, your interface _already_ supports Masque and you won't get anything from this addon.  If your mod is set up to leave some of the system bars intact, you should be able to safely use this alongside it.

I have not tested this with Classic or Wrath Classic, but if there's enough interest I may accept patches.

Note: This code is derived from [Masque Blizz Bars](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/masque-blizz-bars) which is presently marked as abandoned on CurseForge.  The code was listed as GPL-3 in its original location, so that is assumed to be correct and it will continue to be distributed under that license unless otherwise requested by the original author.

Commit message:

Cross link to Masque Blizzard Inventory

README.md, after:

# About Masque Blizzard Bars

You can install this addon from [CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/masque-blizz-bars-revived "CurseForge"), [Wago](https://addons.wago.io/addons/masqueblizzbars), or [WoWInterface](https://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info26502-MasqueBlizzardBars.html).

This addon enables [Masque](https://github.com/SFX-WoW/Masque) ([CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/masque), [Wago](https://addons.wago.io/addons/masque), [WoWInterface](https://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info12097-Masque.html)) to skin the built-in WoW action bars.  It requires Masque to function and is configurable only with Masque's settings UI.  It can currently skin the following bars:

* Main Action Bar
* Multi Bars (Action Bars 2 - 8)
* Possess Bar
* Stance Bar
* Pet Bar
* Vehicle Bar
* Extra Ability Buttons (Extra Action Button, Zone Ability Button)
* Spell Flyout

Each bar is its own group so you can configure the skin for each independently.

If you like the Dragonflight action bar improvements and don't want to use a bar mod, this is for you.  If you do use a bar mod like Bartender or ElvUI, your interface _already_ supports Masque and you won't get anything from this addon.  If your mod is set up to leave some of the system bars intact, you should be able to safely use this alongside it.

If you're looking to skin the built-in Inventory UI elements as well, check out [Masque Blizzard Inventory](/kstange/MasqueBlizzInv) ([CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/masque-blizz-inventory "CurseForge"), [Wago](https://addons.wago.io/addons/masqueblizzinv), or [WoWInterface](https://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info26503-MasqueBlizzardInventory.html))!

I have not tested this with Classic or Wrath Classic, but if there's enough interest I may accept patches.

Note: This code is derived from [Masque Blizz Bars](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/masque-blizz-bars) which is presently marked as abandoned on CurseForge.  The code was listed as GPL-3 in its original location, so that is assumed to be correct and it will continue to be distributed under that license unless otherwise requested by the original author.
